# Drawing on the Web Final Project!
## Maddy Sutton
### Outline
I had a lot of ideas for my final project when I first heard the criteria. At first, I thought I could make three different pages that are dedicated to different instruments that the user could interract with. Then, I thought I could make a website all dedicated to my favorite band. There were all sorts of ideas floating around my head, but I realized that the root of all the ideas, was music!

For my final project, I've decided to create three webpages dedicated to three different eras: the 60s, the 70s, and the 80s. Each of these webpages will encorporate different moments of pop culture from these decades put together in a sort of collage, all with music of the decade playing in the background. I would love to incorporate some kind of music choosing mechanism into each page so the user could choose between 3 songs of the decade to hear in the background. These webpages would all incorporate videos, gifs, and images representing the eras as well as HTML Canvas graphics to play with color of the scenes. As for my navigation, I plan on having three SVG images represent different ways to listen to music in each era. For example, for the 60s, I would have a jukebox or radio. For the 70s, I would have a record player. And for the 80s, it will be a cassette player/boombox. I plan to have the images animate in some way when the user hovers over the image. 

Overall, I'm really excited for this project!

### Final Iteration
While I had a very strong vision for where I wanted this project to go, I sometimes struggled to get my vision accross on the page. However, the finished project ended up looking almost exactly like I had pictured! I was able to create the three drawings of the 60s, 70s, and 80s, along with a navigation that uses a radio, record, and cassette to represent the pages respectively. In order to accomplish the music changing mechanic and the color effects, I created 3 clickable svg buttons on each page that would each represent not only a color, but a different song from the decade. I chose the colors based on popular color schemes of the decade and tried to represent different kinds of songs of the decade with each choice. I was able to animate the color change by using css keyframes as well as javascript. In making the collages, I tried to choose moments of history that really represented the decade as well as important pop culture changes. I didn't end up incorporating HTML Canvas or videos because I felt like my collage didn't need it. In order to accomplish the nav animations, I had to a few different things. For the radio, I created a small white line to layer on top of the radio image I found, and animated the line moving back and forth on hover. I also animated the radio bouncing up and down and the shadow under it. For the record, I just animated it to spin in a circle which was fairly easy to do. And for the cassette, I found a gif I liked of a cassette playing, so I decided to slip the gif into it's seperate images, and created a keyframe of the background image changing to the next image on hover. 

I'm pretty happy with how this project turned out. I've always had a fascination with history, as well as a love for music of the past decades. I'm excited that it turned out almost exactly like I imagined! 


Check out the link to see my final project!
http://i6.cims.nyu.edu/~ms9642/FinalProject/
